

https://codepen.io/exec_fire/pen/JjKNPYw?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML?
       - a semantic HTML tag is a tag that has meaning. It is not a Div or Span. 
    2. What is HTML used for?
       - creating the underlying structure and marking up the document with reference tags.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
       - an attribute is used to store information related to the element and it goes in the open tag after the tag name.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      Formatting the first header element
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      img
      a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      Title
      Nav
    7. What is an id? 
        specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       true global attribute
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
     1 X
    10. What is a class? 
      a tag descriptor that can be used on multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
  any elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 
target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
To describe images for people with disabilities and robots
    15. How do I reference an id? with #ID
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section is semantic and a div isn't. 
In the HTML5 standard, the <section> element is defined as a block of related elements. The <div> element is defined as a block of children elements. Div has no meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one 
a class can be used many times and an id only once. An anchor could be used as an id to refer to it. #aname . Section class=Name. .. .Name {

}
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
enter the class name preceded by a period
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

.human p

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
styling actions based on user input

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
<br>

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
line height
or the space bar, backspace, delete key

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: dotted black 1px

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* 
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

git rm

    34. Why should I use version control? 
so you don't overwrite changes and multiple people can write code at the same time

    35. How often should I commit to github?

every 20 min everytime you make a major change

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Go to GitHub via the link 
Fork Repo
Copy Link
Go to Terminal and enter cd to enter desired drive
Git Clone URL to clone repository
cd to enter new repository (enter repository name)
git checkout First-LastName
---Complete Work---
Save work
Git Add
Git commit -m "Enter helpful information"
Git push -u origin First-LastName
Go to GitHub - click branches
New Pull Request




Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element respects the total size of a line
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    whatever the definition is of the positioning will be applied based on the positioning of the predecessor element

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    inline-block

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div
    section
    paragraph

    image
    anchor

    button

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    box model 
    shows the relationship between padding margin and borders
    using 
    display: inline
    inline-box


   --> 